Guidelines for contributing, maintainers, security, issues (#564)
deepinv/deepinv: docs/source/community.rst

   :width: 100%
   :alt: deepinverse Hackathon 2024 at CIRM, Marseille, France

Past events
~~~~~~~~~~~

> - June 4-6, 2025: Summer school tutorial at `International Symposium on Computational Sensing <https://www.iscs2025.com/>`_ in Luxembourg.

Reviewer: Can we add this other tutorial too?
```suggestion
- June 9-10, 2025: Summer school tutorial at `Mathematics and Machine Learning for Image Analysis <https://site.unibo.it/mml-imaging/en>`_ in Bologna, Italy.
```
